feat(GaussDB): add gaussdb opengauss plugins data source (#6353)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/gaussdb_opengauss_plugins.md

---
subcategory: "GaussDB"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_gaussdb_opengauss_plugins"
description: |-

>   Use this data source to get list of supported plug-ins.

Reviewer: Both `plugin` and `plug-in` are correct, but `plugin` (without the hyphen) is more commonly used in modern tech contexts.
```suggestion
  Use this data source to get list of supported plugins.
```
